Innovas Technobuild is a passionate turnkey project company incepted by a group of like minded professionals having rich demonstrate work experience. 

Our team of engineering professional is immensely commited to offer wide range of technical and design based solutions for the Cleanroom Industries, HVAC, Modular Panel, Pharma Machinery, Environment Management Systems, Building Management Systems, Epoxy Flooring and system Validation & Documentation.




MISSION 
To Inspire The Industry By Delivering The Best Quality Project 
Using Innovative Sustainable Technologies.


Vision
To Create the better & reliable projects world







DESIGN BASED 
SOLUTION TO CLIENT HVAC SYSTEM

HVAC - CLEAN ROOM HVAC designs involve knowledge of regulations, cleanliness level guidelines, airflow, room pressurisation, temperature control, humidity control, room pressure control and accounting of activities taking place inside. We have expertise HVAC across major segments like Pharma, Medical Devices, Herbals, Health Cosmetics & food. 



CLEANROOM PANEL
Cleanroom Panel system adapted a variety of  cleanroom modular panel system. The Product has excellent performance, factory fabricating on site and easy installation.

Modular clean rooms are engineered and built to meet exact size and environmental requirements and specifications. It is required to control the contaminated particle in the room. It avoids the cross contamination. All components come with a performance guarantee. The modular clean room components are impact resistant, chemical & water resistant & non-shedding, haveexcellent fire rating, can be sanitized & are essential maintenance free





VALIDATION 
Throughout the course of the cleanroom construction phases and process equipment installation there are milestones noted that require validation of the construction phases and installation of process equipment. Cleanroom equipment and process equipment components may require inspections and validation with the drawings and specifications as not to impede or affect future progress of the cleanroom construction and final validation of the cleanroom environment. Attempting to validate any cleanroom construction during the final stages of construction only can prove frustrating and fruitless unless a strict validation process has been 
integrated into the cleanroom construction project at the design stages and followed to specification throughout the phases of the cleanroom construction


FLOORING SOLUTIONS
Epoxy/PU floor coatings are commonly used for commercial and industrial flooring. Epoxy coatings are normally applied over concrete floors to provide a highperformance, smooth, and durable surface that can last many years and withstand heavy loads. Many industrial sites, warehouses, and commercial buildings rely on epoxy floors to maintain clean and safe conditions for workers, equipment, and inventory


BMS / EMS / HVAC System Architecture

Building Management System (BMS) is the system installed to achieve required condition through monitoring and control of all the HVAC system

It comes by applying sensors at varoius correct locations and controller which can get the input, process it and display the values and also set the values for any applicable alarms, controls and modulations.




PHARMA MACHINERIES AND  EQUIPMENTS

We manufacture the Pharmaceuticals machineries 
and SS cleanroom equipments for pharma companies

Granulation Machineries
FLUID BED DRYER
RAPID MIXER GRANULATOR
BLENDER
MULTIMILL
VIBRO SIFTER   